Updated style-guide - Added rules for variable declaration (#3716)
PointCloudLibrary/pcl: doc/advanced/content/pcl_style_guide.rst

  size.
* The output arguments will always be passed by reference.

3.3. Object declaration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

3.3.1 Use of auto
"""""""""""""""""
* For Iterators auto must be used as much as possible 
* In all the other cases auto can be used at the author's discretion

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use const auto references by default in range loops. Drop the const if the item needs to be modified.

```

3.3.2 Type qualifiers of variables
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> * Use of const reference variables if the value is not being modified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Declare variables const when they don't need to be modified.
* Use const references whenever you don't need a copy of the variable. 
```
